fix: do not import curl impersonate in http clients init (#396)
apify/crawlee-python: README.md

playwright install
```

Verify that Crawlee is successfully installed:

```sh
python -c 'import crawlee; print(crawlee.__version__)'
```

> For detail installation information see the [Setting up](../introduction/01-setting-up.mdx) documentation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed installation instructions see the [Setting up](../introduction/01-setting-up.mdx) documentation page.
```
